-[dog barks]
-[car alarm blares in the distance]
[radio plays softly]
[man on radio]
South Wales, the Channel Islands
and Central and Southern England
will have a mixture
of sunshine and showers,
with rain in the evening over
South Wales and South West England.
[man continues indistinctly]
-Mildred?
-Mum.
-You OK?
-Yes.
No.
[sighs]
-I... I thought I saw...
-What?
[laughs] Nothing.
Sorry.
Were you making me breakfast in bed?
You've been on lates all week.
I thought it would be a nice surprise.
Come here.
That's a lovely thought, but you don't
have to worry about me, you know.
I'm fine.
-Ooh, now that's good.
-It's not really.
-The perspective's all wrong.
-No, I like it.
You paint what you see.
That's what makes it interesting.
-Right. I better get--
-No, no. I'll do it.
Thanks.
[girl screams] Look out!
[screams] Sorry!
Sorry, I lost my glasses,
couldn't see where I was going.
It's real.
[girl] Are you OK?
[chuckles] You were...
flying on a... on a broomstick!
I know. I passed my broomstick
proficiency test, first time.
So, are you...
Are you a witch?
I hope so, as long as I can make it
to the entrance exam in time.
Entrance exam?
For Miss Cackle's Academy.
Academy? Like... a school for witches?
Well, of course!
But I'll never get there
without my glasses.
You haven't seen them, have you?
No. But we can find them.
[theme music playing]
If they fell off just before you landed,
they can't be far.
We just have to keep looking.
Hi, Jake!
[gasps] Good boy.
What have you got there?
[girl] Oh, my glasses.
[Mildred] Sorry!
My parents paid for extra flying lessons
to help me get in.
-I've let everyone down.
-No, you haven't.
I'll help you, I promise.
Mildred. You all right, love?
Uh, yeah. Yes, it's just
her glasses are broken.
Whose?
Hers?
Uh... my, um... [stammers]
My mum's glasses got broken.
I'm just off to buy her some new ones.
See you later.
[Mildred] What's going on?
Why couldn't she see you?
It's just the broomstick.
It's got protective spells to shield me
from non-magical people.
-What?
-I'm not magical.
But you can see me.
I know.
Who are you?
I... I'm just, um... Mildred.
Mildred Hubble. Hi.
Maud Spellbody.
Well met, sister.
Is that a witch thing?
-Yep, I've been practicing.
-[chuckles]
Oh, well, I can try again next year.
Nope, you're going to get in this year!
But I can't fly without my glasses.
You can if I help you.
-You mean you'll come with me?
-Of course!
Just let me text my mum, then you can
show me how to fly this thing.
[Maud] Oh!
[Maud] Come on.
[dog whimpers]
Go!
-[dog groans]
-[Maud] Go!
Go, hop! Hop up!
[Maud] Go! Go, go!
-Yes, we did it!
-Whoo-hoo!
[Mildred yells]
Look!
[Maud] Wait, wait, wait!
-What?
-I can't see a thing!
-Which way are we going?
-Left.
Left, left, I said left!
We are going left!
Oh, OK, right! Go right!
[girls yelling]
Whoa! Who-o-o-oa!
[both screaming]
[Mildred] We're gonna die!
[dog whimpers]
Here they come,
the future of witchcraft.
The new term starts in six weeks,
and these are our potential
first formers?
[Miss Cackle]
I've got a good feeling about this year.
You said that last year.
And the year before.
Face it, Ada, the craft is in decline.
Not while I'm headmistress.
What's up with you, HB?
You look like you lost a cream cake
and found a carrot.
This school needs strong witches,
not little girls
who want to play at magic.
We were all little girls once, Hecate.
Even me!
If you say so.
Excuse me, Miss Hardbroom.
Lucinda has problems with allergies
and can't do potions.
Who do I speak to about that?
Somebody from another school, perhaps.
Health and safety is very important.
We can provide anti-allergy spells.
I truly despair for the future.
They'll learn, we all did.
Well, maybe there is some hope.
Good stick control.
[Miss Hardbroom] Perfect dismount.
Uh, that's my sister, Ethel.
Ethel Hallow.
-Ethie.
-Esme!
[Miss Cackle] Well met, Ethel.
Welcome to our school.
-Um, Ethel, this is--
-I know!
Well met, Miss Cackle,
Miss Hardbroom.
Well met.
Two Hallows in one school.
You have a lot to live up to.
-I'll do my best!
-[Miss Cackle] Of course you will.
But there's no need to be intimidated.
No one expects you
to be as clever as Esmeralda.
-Uh, Miss Cackle--
-Don't be modest.
Esmeralda is the finest student
this academy's ever had.
If you're even half as crafty
as your sister--
Look out, incoming!
[both scream]
[Maud] Sorry!
[both yell]
Maud! Maud!
Where are you, Mildred?
I can't see a thing!
I'll save you! I'm coming! Hold on!
Help, I'm gonna die! [yells]
[both yell]
[both scream]
Help!
Some believe a true witch
will always float in water.
Of course, a sensible witch
would try to stand up... first.
[both laugh]
[frog ribbits]
I'm sorry to disturb you.
[ribbits]
Girl, stop bothering
your intellectual superiors and get out.
[frog ribbits]
She just magicked us dry.
Shh!
Well met.
Uh...
I am Miss Hardbroom, deputy headmistress.
And you are?
Maud Spellbody.
Oh, yes, I remember your mother.
[laughs awkwardly]
Such a shame for her.
It was my fault.
And who are you?
Mildred. Mildred Hubble.
You're not on my list.
[Mildred] Um...
No, 'cause she changed her mind.
She was down for Pentangle's.
But Mum said this school was way better,
so she should try here first.
Mum said it would be OK.
Well, I suppose we should give you
a chance to redeem yourself,
Mildred Hubble.
-[whispers] Why?
-[whispers] 'Cause you helped me. Why not?
-You should get on with the tour.
-[Mildred] Tour?
Mildred, Maud, this is Miss Cackle.
I'm over here.
So sorry, I broke my glasses.
Let me see.
Thank you, Miss Cackle.
Um... well met.
Well met, Maud. Well met, Mildred.
Uh...
Well met.
Are you all right, my dear?
-[Mildred vomits]
-[pupil] Disgusting!
Leave her alone. She's... travel sick.
Pathetic.
You've never been through a transference
spell before, have you, dear?
I'll tell you a secret:
I did the same my first time.
Here, take this.
-Is it magic?
-Better. It's sugar.
I never go anywhere
without a bag of lemon drops.
Suck on that and you'll be fine next time.
I'm not doing that... again.
It gets easier, doesn't it?
OK, so I'm Esmeralda,
I'm head of Year Three.
I thought all the girls were on holiday.
I was, but I volunteered
to help out Cackle and HB.
-What's HB?
-Uh, Miss Hardbroom, deputy head.
You'll soon get to know all about her.
Right, come on this way.
Bit of a maze around here,
but you'll soon get used to it.
The kitchen's in the basement. That's why
the porridge is always so cold.
Why don't they just make food by magic?
A witch cannot live by magic alone.
Witches' Code rule number 93,
paragraph 6, clause A.
[Esmerelda] All right, Ethel.
Um, magical food's
got no nutritional value.
It's a shame. It tastes a lot better than
the slop they serve here.
I can't believe she doesn't know
the basic rules.
Didn't your mother teach you anything?
Didn't your mother teach you not to be
a bossy old toad?
[Esmerelda] Right!
Let's get on with the tour.
[bell tolls]
So this is the potions lab.
-Are all these magic spells?
-[girl] What do they do?
[Esmerelda] Oh, loads of stuff.
The second-years were making
invisibility elixirs last term.
-[both gasp]
-Oh, let's see what they brewed up.
Not enough slugs' eggs.
Right!
This way.
[chattering]
-What's in there?
-Oh, kitten room.
-Kittens!
-Cats are assigned in Year One.
You work together with your cat
all the way through the school.
We're not allowed pets in our flats.
A cat is not a pet.
It's a familiar,
an ancient tool of the craft.
Can we see the kittens?
Um, maybe later. Your exam starts
in ten minutes in the Great Hall.
This way.
-Come on, Mildred.
-I can't pass a witch exam. I'm not--
Shh!
[cats mew]
Let's talk in here.
[Mildred] Kittens.
If you came here,
you'd have a kitten of your own.
I wish I could.
But just wanting it
doesn't make me a witch.
You saw me on the broomstick, so you must
have some magic in your family.
I really haven't.
I never knew magic existed until today.
You've lived your whole life
without magic?
Yes, everyone does.
Well, I thought they did.
[Maud] Well, you must
have noticed something.
I mean, you're naturally crafty.
Didn't anything ever happen to you
that you couldn't explain?
Well, maybe.
You see?
You should at least try the exam.
Was that cushion empty when we came in?
Did you shut the door?
We've lost a kitten!
OK, let's think about this.
You're a kitten, where would you go?
-Where the food is.
-The kitchen.
-That way.
Right.
Oi! No girls allowed in my kitchen.
-I'm sorry.
-We were just--
Looking for a kitten.
-[cat mews]
-There he is!
All right, you've got it. Now get out!
[Mildred] Come on.
Come on.
Wow, Mildred, you're amazing with animals.
Miss Cackle.
-Yes.
-[cat mews]
What are you girls doing in here?
[both] Oh...
Well, you see...
Agatha!
Well met, sister.
Well met, Agatha.
To what do we owe
this unexpected surprise?
I'm writing a piece about the school,
for the Which Witching Academy website.
What are you doing in here?
These two girls were missing.
Miss Hardbroom wanted to disqualify you.
I had to use a finding spell
to track you down.
-[cat mews]
-And is that one of the school kittens?
Hmm. He escaped.
[Miss Cackle] He's back where he belongs.
Now, get along to the exam room.
I'll see you in my office.
Finally.
You go there.
And you go there.
Begin.
Are you all right, dear?
I always hated exams too,
but here's a little tip.
Don't think about what's not
in the old cauldron.
Think about what is.
You mean focus on what I can do?
Take charge, Hecate.
I need to speak to my sister.
[Miss Cackle] You want to write about
my school for a website?
Just the usual stuff.
"Twenty things you didn't know
about Cackle's Academy.
Number nine will shock you," et cetera.
It's been five years,
and you suddenly turn up
on Selection Day of all days.
I know you do your best,
but you can't do it alone.
If we worked together...
We tried that before, remember?
I know we made mistakes.
I made mistakes,
but I've learned from them.
-I want to make it up to you.
-How?
Let me tell the witching world
about the great work you're doing here.
They'll realize that the future
of the craft is in safe hands.
What do you need from me?
Let me interview the girls.
All right, the teachers?
You may speak to Miss Hardbroom.
Well met, sister.
Well met.
[bell tolling]
[ravens caw]
Time's up, girls. Pens down.
This is some variety of joke.
Miss Cackle said to focus on
what I can do.
Art's my best subject.
I'll give you one percent,
and that is only because
you spelled your own name correctly.
[pupils laugh]
[laughter grows louder]
-Where are you going?
-Home.
But the selection isn't over yet.
There's still the practical test to come.
Before we begin,
Miss Hardbroom has the results
of your written papers.
[Miss Hardbroom] Some of your papers
were utterly abominable,
and those were the better ones.
However, there was one chink of light
in the howling void.
A perfect 100 per...
cent.
Ethel Hallow, you have equaled
the school record.
Equaled?
Your sister also scored 100 percent
in her written entrance exam.
And went on to score 98 percent
in the practical.
Only 98?
One hundred percent?
That-- that's amazing.
Not for a Hallow. It's just normal.
Candidates, choose your spells.
Which do I do?
Just pick an easy spell. Level One.
You get more marks for the hard ones,
but all we need to do is pass.
My hat! You're going for a Level Eight?
Only because Level Nine aren't allowed.
[Miss Hardbroom] You will complete
the entire transformation,
including scales and internal combustion?
Why become a dragon
if you don't breathe fire?
"Basic Levitation.
If on flying you've set your mind,
then these ingredients you must find."
[sighs]
Flower of common cat trap.
Check.
Dried mandrake root.
Sliver of bee's brain.
[groans]
Really?
I have never been interviewed
for a website before.
It's nothing to worry about, Hecate.
I'm not worried.
Well, maybe you should be.
The craft is in a state of hurly-burly.
Fewer and fewer girls
are inheriting magical abilities.
It must be tough trying
to keep standards up.
-You know it is.
-[Agatha] Hmm.
[ravens caw]
My sister is very well-intentioned...
but perhaps if someone more forceful
were in charge...
it might be easier to fight the tide
of dumbing-down.
"Slowly add the unicorn's milk.
Stir it till it's soft as silk."
So, how's the brew going?
It's supposed to turn blue.
[Maud] Did you add the pondweed
gathered at midnight?
Breath of fire, hide of armor...
-Ethel, can I just--
-Not now.
Give me strength, give me glamour.
Teeth of diamond, gall of steel,
force my enemies to kneel.
Let my bolts of flames be hurled
and my power shall rule the world.
She's amazing!
Five minutes, girls.
-Mildred, did my potion work?
-I don't know, what was it supposed to do?
Make me taller! Whoa!
I think it worked!
Mine didn't!
Mildred.
It... It... It worked!
I'm flying!
Well, floating.
[chuckles]
-We did it!
-We did it.
All right, that's enough.
Not a bad effort.
-Good luck, Ethie.
-I won't need it.
It's happening! I can feel it.
Dragon fire in my belly.
Dragon blood in my veins.
I... I want to... I need to...
[roars]
[pupils gasp]
-[Ethel, high-pitched] What just happened?
-[Esmerelda] Ethie!
[Ethel, high-pitched]
Someone interfered with my potion!
Miss Cackle.
[Esmerelda] Is that her?
Oh, dear! I'm afraid it must be.
What is it?
Lumbricus terrestris.
A distant and rather vulgar relation
of the noble dragon.
Well, it's a common beginner's error.
Let's get you back on your feet,
shall we?
[Ethel whines in high-pitched voice]
[Ethel] Someone has done this to me!
[normal voice returns]
It's sabotage, that's what it is.
Someone messed with my potion.
I demand an inquiry.
[Miss Hardbroom]
There's no mystery about it.
I've seen this many times before, and you
simply didn't add enough pondweed.
[Ethel] I did!
I measured out the exact amount.
She's right.
It was me.
I did it.
[Ethel] She deliberately wrecked my spell.
-No, it was a mistake.
-She shouldn't even be here!
She's not even from a witching family.
You lied to us.
Not exactly, I--
[knock on door]
[Miss Hardbroom] What do want?
Um... hi.
I just wanted to say,
please don't blame Mildred.
I told her to take the pondweed.
It's all my fault.
[Mildred] No, it was me.
The point is, it wasn't my fault.
I'll do the test again.
I'll get it right this time.
Please, let me do it again.
Sorry, Ethel, you really should have
double-checked your ingredients.
A good witch leaves nothing to chance.
But don't worry.
With your wonderful marks
in the written exam,
I'm sure you've scored enough
to scrape a pass.
A pass?
And you, you really have no craft
in your family at all?
But my potion worked, I actually flew.
You interfered with another witch
in the course of lawful spell casting
in direct violation of the Witches' Code.
That's an automatic fail.
Nought percent.
Nought percent?
At least it makes
your written result look good!
That's not fair!
Are you questioning the code?
Yes.
Mildred's family may not be magical,
but she is.
You can't turn her down
just because of one mistake.
I know it seems harsh, but witches work
with the fundamental forces of nature.
Our magic must be used
with utmost caution.
I'm afraid that a real witch
would know that.
Congratulations to our new first-years.
You've all done splendidly.
I shall see you all later
for our celebratory feast.
Failed applicants this way.
Your parents and guardians
will collect you.
[pupils chatter among themselves]
[Maud sobs]
[Mildred] I'm glad you got in, anyway.
I just wish you were coming too.
-I've really let you down.
-No, you didn't.
Mildred Hubble... are you still here?
I was just leaving, Miss Hardbroom.
[ravens caw]
-Are you all right, dear?
-Huh?
I'm sorry! It's just I'm not really
very good with the dark.
A witch who's afraid of the dark?
I'm not a witch.
I made a fool of myself
in front of everyone, twice.
My poor dear.
How dreadfully humiliating for you.
You must be so disappointed.
But that's not the worst of it.
You didn't just let yourself down.
You hurt everyone who cares about you.
Maud really wanted me to get in.
There, there. She'll get over it.
She'll make lots of other friends,
good friends who won't fail her
like you did.
[sobbing]
Oh, there, there.
It's all right. Let it all out.
-Feeling better?
-Not really, no.
Can I have a lemon drop, please?
Lemon drop?
But. But I--
Miss Tapioca, the successful candidates
are ready for the feast.
Yes, Miss Cackle.
-Do you mind if I...?
-Oh.
-Mm, it's delicious.
-Thank you, Miss Cackle.
It just needs a teeny-tiny bit more
ground snail shell
to make it even more yummy.
I've been using this recipe for 30 years.
Who's headmistress?
[Miss Tapioca mutters]
Ground snail shell, you say?
[yells]
That's better.
Before the clock doth strike the hour,
this school shall be within my power.
Nettles picked by full moon's beam...
scum skimmed from a stagnant stream.
Mandrake root...
-hear it scream!
-[faint scream]
And...
tears of a young witch...
who lost her dream.
We have never been a fee-paying school.
We believe that every witch deserves
a free education.
Miss Cackle!
Miss Cackle is speaking!
Maintaining our high standards--
-Please, you have to listen!
-Not now!
Yes now, you're all in danger.
Mildred, what's wrong?
-[Miss Cackle clears throat]
-Sit down, Maud.
As for you,
I've had quite enough of your lies.
-But it's true!
-Time to leave.
But, Agatha...
Miss Cackle! Miss Hardbroom! Maud!
Miss Hardbroom! Miss Cackle! Maud!
[Miss Cackle]
And they would appreciate the importance
of passing on our high standards
to the next generation.
[sighs]
[Mildred] I tried to save them.
They wouldn't listen.
Whatever Agatha's got planned,
they deserve it. [sighs]
They're just a bunch of evil old witches.
[ribbits]
Not like there's anything
I can do anyway.
[frog ribbits]
The common cat trap flower...
from the levitation spell.
But I can't do magic.
And we don't even have a cauldron.
[ribbits]
[Miss Cackle] For millennia,
witches have been learning their craft
upon this site of ancient power.
The school itself was formally founded
in the dark centuries
before the coming of Arthur.
And now, you yourselves will become part
of the history of the craft.
Nobody may eat
-until Miss Cackle has been served.
-[cat mews]
[Miss Cackle] As Cackle's girls,
you will be carrying on our traditions
as your mothers and grandmothers did
before you,
not to mention your great-grandmothers
and your great-great-grandmothers.
[snorts] Is it dinnertime?
[Miss Cackle] In this school...
we respect the past
and the present of witchcraft.
But I've rambled on quite enough.
Time to enjoy our Selection Day feast.
-Does that look right to you?
-[ribbits]
-Wish me luck!
[sighs]
-[ribbits]
-Well, I tried.
[ribbits]
[screams]
[Mildred screams]
[Mildred screams in the distance]
[cat mews]
[Mildred screams]
[Mildred] Sorry! [screams] Sorry!
No! Don't eat the soup!
I had to warn you,
she put a spell on the soup.
-Who did?
-[Agatha] I did!
Why?
Because I should be headmistress here.
You know it makes sense.
If you want this school
to be great again...
stand up and follow me.
-Agatha is our leader.
-Miss Drill!
She's the greatest witch who ever lived.
She is under the influence
of a total-obedience spell.
Oh, a very powerful one, too.
Which means she'll be loyal
to the first person who gave her orders.
Who did this? How did this happen?
Because she tried the soup,
just like Mildred said.
I invoke Section Seven
of the Witches' Code.
Yes, I thought you might.
-Girls.
-[cat mews]
To me, girls!
I'll teach you a protective charm.
[Miss Hardbroom] No time for that.
Just look after them.
-I've never seen a Section Seven before.
-[pupil] What's a Section Seven?
A magical duel between witches.
The loser will forfeit their powers.
Oh, dear! Come on now, come on, come on!
I really don't want
to have to hurt you, Agatha.
And you won't...
because you're my sister and you're weak.
Don't confuse kindness with weakness.
-[cat mews]
-Hold it!
Mildred Hubble,
come here, you wretched girl.
This is really bad.
You're all perfectly safe
so long as you do as you're told.
Carry on!
You've always been weak.
Mother only gave you this school
because you're 13 minutes older.
Those 13 minutes have saved this school
from disaster.
We can do this all day
if you like, Agatha.
Had enough yet, sister?
[Miss Drill] It's over!
Agatha wins.
All hail Agatha.
-Help her!
-The code forbids it.
-Prepare to be mollusked.
-She's turning her into a snail.
-Fascinating!
-No.
-Mildred!
-Mildred Hubble.
Please, don't hurt her.
This is all my fault.
I'm sorry I spoiled your plans.
That's all right, dear!
You've just put them
right back on track.
[Miss Cackle] Oh, Mildred.
Ada, it's you or this girl.
One of you is leaving here in a shell.
-Don't make me choose both.
-Let Mildred go.
You know my price: the school.
Yes. Free her and I will lower
my protective spells.
You have protective spells?
Of course she did, you foolish girl.
So you weren't about to lose the duel.
No, Mildred.
Stay back or the girl gets it.
Release the child, and then you may do
as you will with me.
-No!
-How do I know I can trust you?
I swear by the Witches' Code.
All right, go.
Go, Mildred.
[Maud] Mildred!
Who's on the naughty step now, big sis?
The school is mine!
May I be the first to offer
my congratulations, Headmistress?
Hecate Hardbroom!
After all Ada did for you.
She was a satisfactory headmistress,
but you were right.
We need a forceful leader
to promote higher standards.
Miss Cackle was strong.
Not strong enough, it seems.
-She only lost because of me.
-And Agatha's really evil.
That is not for us to judge.
No witch may interfere
in a Section Seven duel.
For once accepted to this school...
you are all bound by the Witches' Code.
Miss Hardbroom,
I knew I could depend on you.
No member of staff or any pupil
will raise their hand against you.
We are all bound by the Witches' Code.
[cat mews]
Perhaps, Agatha, you would like to take
possession of the keys to your school.
Keys to my school, at last!
-Now!
-[cat mews]
[yells]
Now get her. Come on!
We can't! It's against the code!
We have to stop her!
Somebody help me, please!
I'll help you, Mistress Mildred.
What should I do?
What?
The total-obedience spell.
Quick, give her orders.
Um, I order you to lose the duel
and turn that snail back into Miss Cackle.
I obey.
Ada.
It's all right, Hecate. I'm fine.
Of course you are.
Thank you, Mildred. That was very clever.
-Was it?
-[Miss Cackle] Oh, yes.
It was the perfect way
to deal with Agatha.
Agatha! Agatha is our leader.
Oh, do stop doing that!
Sorry, everyone!
A bit embarrassing.
So what will happen to Agatha?
I've confiscated
her magical knowledge and ability.
As for you, I think we should summon
your parent or guardian.
Mum.
Mildred! [gasps]
I was just cleaning the toilet!
Uh...
Agatha Cackle, you were always a bad girl,
but this time you've gone too far.
I was trying to save this school
from mediocrity.
It's time to go home.
Home?
Your mother is coming to collect you.
I don't think so!
My powers!
Magic is real?
That is correct.
I can't... No, I just can't...
It's OK, Mum.
If you need more proof,
I'll happily turn you into a pumpkin.
Hecate!
So you're magic
and all the teachers are magic
and the girls learn magic?
I see where Mildred gets her quick wits,
Mistress Hubble.
All right... Mrs. I'm So Magical.
If you're so much better than me,
how about conjuring up some manners?
And it's Ms. Hubble.
Did you even realize that Mildred
had applied for a place here?
No, I had no idea.
Could we talk in private, please?
Of course.
How could you do this without even asking?
Well, I... I didn't mean to.
It... It just sort of happened.
St. Joseph's is just down the road.
They've got a big new computer lab.
Yeah, but they haven't got magic...
or Maud.
But how would you get here every day?
There's no buses up the mountain.
Uh... Um, no...
It's a boarding school.
So you'd stay here?
Only in term times.
-Oh!
-I'm... I'm sorry, Mum.
This was a stupid idea.
I'll come home, I'll go to St. Joseph's,
whatever you want.
All I want is for you to be happy.
Do you think you'd be happy coming here?
I don't know, but...
[sighs] I think I'd have to try,
if they'll let me.
If they'll let you?
You saved their whole school.
I did, didn't I?
Absolutely. Don't you forget it.
They're lucky to have you.
So am I.
[kisses Mildred]
Oh!
-[chatter]
-They've been ages. What's going on?
I bet they're gonna let her in!
-Bats. If they do, I'm dropping out.
-Can we get that in writing?
[laughing]
So... what did they say?
I'm in!
Yay!
But just on a trial basis.
I wouldn't bother getting too friendly.
I've a feeling that this is going to be
a very short trial.
-Oh, shut up, wormface!
-[pupils laugh]
Come on, Millie!
Prospectus, reading list,
uniform requirements.
Right, um... Ooh, what a lot of black.
Witches don't really do pink.
Shall I transport you home?
Yes.
Oh, no, wait. No, but--
[Miss Hardbroom clicks tongue]
Still got a good feeling about this year?
[sighs]
[girls cheer]
[Mildred] See you next term!
[theme music playing]